For this assignment you'll mimic a Contacts database with 6 entries, each with a person's name. 

This assignment outputs to a prompt and an HTML page.

Create an application that meets the following requirements

For this one exercise do not use any user defined functions for core requirement.

Bonus is possible if one and only one user defined function is used for the HTML table only.

Either way, CSS shall be used to style all HTML elements.

Interface Requirements
1. On page load, present all of the contents of an array in a CSS styled HTML Page, one slot per row. For core requirement, no need to load it into an HTML table.

UX shall look something like this with no borders as I demonstrated in class:

Contacts

Slot #	Number
0	Arnold
1	Sly
2	Dwayne
3	Vin
4	JCVD
5	Steven
Program Flow
2. Using a prompt, ask the user to provide an "Entry Number". 

If the entry number exists, use a prompt to present the corresponding name in the message "Displaying <name>."  
Where <name> corresponds with the slot number selected.  (Do not include the carets <>.)
In the same prompt on a second line, ask if they want to make another selection y/n?.
 Loop back to the beginning of Step 2 when they do.
If the entry number does not exist,
Use a prompt to present the user with the message, "That Entry is not in the Database."
In the same prompt on a second line, ask if they want to make another selection y/n?.
3.  When the user selects n when asked about another selection.

Send the user a non default, nicely styled exit message of your creation in an HTML page. 
**  "Non default, nicely styled" HTML page means to control the style with CSS so that all visible HTML elements are modified in some way. 
Style shall support an appropriate visual hierarchy.
Style shall be legible.
Style shall be readable.
Style shall be cohesive.
Style:
How well do the style choices you make support the content and meaning of the content?
How well do the style choices you make contribute to legibility, readability, cohesivity, and meaning?
 

Coding Requirements
Use an Array to store names. 

Use a while loop to search for name.

On initial page load display the contents of the Contacts list on an HTML

The Table in the initial display is not required.  

Control style with CSS.

For Full Credit: 

Code must run without errors.
App flow must be exactly as specified in the requirements.
Proper choice of decision control structure.
All if..else statements use a trailing else. 
User input shall be case insensitive.
UX shall be exactly as required in Interface Requirements section, including text, punctuation, spelling, case.  
Styles shall be used to make a well crafted, non default, cohesive, and nicely styled display.
Javascript and HTML shall be written in the index.html file.  This file shall be the only file at web root following best practices as demonstrated.
CSS shall be written in a style.css file.  This file shall be in the css directory at web root following best practices as demonstrated.
Supporting images shall be in the images directory at web root following best practices as demonstrated.
